---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-azuread_groups Data Source - st-azuread"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source provides the list of the group
---

# st-azuread_groups (Data Source)

This data source provides the list of the group

## Example Usage

*Look up by group name*
```terraform
data "azuread_groups" "example" {
  display_names = ["group-a", "group-b"]
}
```

*Look up by display name prefix*
```terraform
data "azuread_groups" "sales" {
  display_name_prefix = "sales-"
}
```

*Look up all groups*
```terraform
data "azuread_groups" "all" {
  return_all = true
}
```

*Look up all mail-enabled groups*
```terraform
data "azuread_groups" "mail_enabled" {
  mail_enabled = true
  return_all   = true
}
```

*Look up all security-enabled groups that are not mail-enabled*
```terraform
data "azuread_groups" "security_only" {
  mail_enabled     = false
  return_all       = true
  security_enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `display_name_prefix` (String) Prefix to match display names. Cannot be used with `display_names` or `return_all`.
- `display_names` (List of String) The display names of the groups. Cannot be used with display_name_prefix or return_all during apply, but will be set automatically after querying the groups.
- `ignore_missing` (Boolean) Ignore missing groups if not found. Cannot be set to true when `return_all` is also true.
- `mail_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the groups are mail-enabled.
- `return_all` (Boolean) Return all groups. Cannot be used with `display_name_prefix` or `display_names` and cannot be set to true when `ignore_missing` is also true.
- `security_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the groups are security-enabled.

~> One of `display_names`, `display_name_prefix` or `return_all` should be specified.

### Read-Only

- `groups` (Attributes List) List of groups matching the criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the group.
- `id` (String) The ID of the group.
