---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-azuread_named_location Resource - st-azuread"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Named Location within Azure Active Directory.
---

# st-azuread_named_location (Resource)

Manages a Named Location within Azure Active Directory.

## Example Usage

*Create IP-based named location*
```terraform
resource "st-azuread_named_location" "ip" {
  display_name = "named-location-ip"

  ip {
    ip_ranges     = ["1.1.1.1/32"]
    trusted       = false
    force_destroy = false
  }
}
```

*Create Country-based named location*
```terraform
resource "st-azuread_named_location" "country" {
  display_name = "named-location-country"

  country {
    countries_and_regions                 = ["MY"]
    include_unknown_countries_and_regions = false
    country_lookup_method                 = "authenticatorAppGps"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name for the named location.

### Optional

- `country` (Block, Optional) Country-based named location settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--country))
- `ip` (Block, Optional) IP-based named location settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ip))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID for the named location.

<a id="nestedblock--country"></a>
### Nested Schema for `country`

Optional:

- `countries_and_regions` (List of String) List of countries and/or regions in two-letter format specified by ISO 3166-2.
- `country_lookup_method` (String) Method of detecting country the user is located in. Possible values are 'clientIpAddress' for IP-based location and 'authenticatorAppGps' for Authenticator app GPS-based location. Defaults to 'clientIpAddress'.
- `include_unknown_countries_and_regions` (Boolean) Whether IP addresses that don't map to a country or region should be included in the named location. Defaults to 'false'.


<a id="nestedblock--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip`

Optional:

- `force_destroy` (Boolean) Whether to forcefully destroy the IP-based named location when trusted is set to true. This prevents accidental deletion of trusted IPs.
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) List of IP ranges in CIDR format.
- `trusted` (Boolean) Whether the named location is trusted. Defaults to 'false'.

~> When `trusted` is specified, `force_destroy` must be specified too.
